---
language: "en"
templateKey: "contact-page"
path: "/contact"
title: "Contact"
email: "info@tsampazi.com"
---
<h3>
Gustav-Müller-Str. 29
<br />
D–10829 Berlin
</h3>
<br />
<br /><br /><br />
<hr />
<p>
Imprint
</p><br />
    <p>
      Liability for content
    </p>

<p>
Chryssa Tsampazi makes every effort to ensure that the material contained in her website is current, complete and correct. Despite this errors and mistakes cannot be completely ruled out. Chryssa Tsampazi therefore reserves the right not to be responsible for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. After becoming aware of corresponding legal violations, Chryssa Tsampazi will remove this content immediately.
</p>
<br />
<p>
Liability for links
</p>
<p>
This website contains links to the external websites of third parties, on whose content Chryssa Tsampazi has no influence. As a result, Chryssa Tsampazi cannot assume any responsibility for them. The provider or operator of the respective linked website is always responsible for its content. The linked content was checked for possible legal violations at the time the link was established. Illegal content was not recognisable at the time the link was established. After becoming aware of corresponding legal violations, Chryssa Tsampazi will remove this link immediately.
</p>
<br />
<p>
Copyright
</p>
<p>
The content and works on this website are subject to the German Copyright Law. The reproduction, processing, distribution and utilisation of any kind outside of the limits of the copyright law require the written consent of the respective rights holder. If the content on this website was not created by Chryssa Tsampazi, the copyrights of third parties are to be observed. In particular, third party content is marked as such.
</p>
<br />
<p>Copyright (c) Chryssa Tsampazi, 2018</p>
<hr />
<p>
Private Policy
</p>
<br />
<p>
Server log files
</p>
<p>
The technical operator of this website automatically saves information, on the basis of its own justified interest, in server log files, to ensure the technical operation of the server and the error-free provision of the content of this website. They concern the following log files: web-access log files (the type and version of browser used by the visitor, the operating system used by the visitor, the URL via which the visitor reached this website, the IP address of the accessing computer, the time of the start of the visit), Error log files (the IP address of the accessing computer, information about the type of error). This data is not consolidated with other data sources. This data is saved and only used for the afore-mentioned evaluations. The duration of the storage is regulated by the respective legal provisions. After the expiry of the respective period, the corresponding data is deleted automatically.
</p>
<br />
<p>
Vimeo
</p>
<p>
Plugins of the video portal Vimeo, of Vimeo LLC, 555 West 18th Street, New York, New york 10011, USA are linked to this website. Every time a page is accessed, which contains one or more Vimeo video clips, a direct connection is established between your browser and a server of Vimeo in the USA. Through this connection, data is saved about your visit and your IP address. By interacting with the Vimeo plugin (e.g. clicking on the start button) this information is also sent to Vimeo and saved there. The data privacy statement for Vimeo, which provides more information about the collection and use of your data by Vimeo, can be found at <a href='http://vimeo.com/privacy'>http://vimeo.com/privacy</a>. Vimeo also brings up the Google Analytics tracker via an iFrame in which the video is shown. This is Vimeo's own tracking service, which we have no access to. You can prevent tracking by Google Analytics by using a deactivation tool which Google offers for some internet browsers. Users can also prevent the collection of the data generated by Google Analytics and related to their use of the website (incl. their IP address) by Google, and the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing a browser plugin available from the following link: <a href='https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en'>https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en</a>.
</p>
<hr />
<br /><br /><br />